docs: free and open terminology (#5641)
elastic/apm-server: docs/guide/apm-doc-directory.asciidoc

[float]
==== APM Agents

> APM agents are free and open libraries written in the same language as your service.

Author: ```suggestion
APM agents are open source libraries written in the same language as your service.
```
